++ Maps

Maps are organized by their *branch, and then number on that branch*. This means progression is branching, but they all terminate at a portal to the Atheneum, an extradimensional hub area accessed several maps down the line in midgame.
Classifications:
Reality: main world area
Subreality: pocket dimension, challenge room, etc  

+Subreality 0-1: Atheneum
A large extradimensional library unaffected by the overall reality decay, with npcs and other shit chillin. player's main "hub area" for mid to endgame that they go to in order to recuperate or sell items or whatever

+Reality 0: Baseline
Tutorial area. explained in Story article
Outbound portals: 1-1

+1-1: The Forest
Player gets better acquainted with combat and movement, finding some better weapons as well as some structures that they can loot and maybe a super rudimentary dungeon.
Basic generic forest area with slimes and skeletons and other generic fantasy enemies, except terrain shifts around
Outbound portals: 1-2, 2-1
+1-2: The Swamp
Player gets more combat experience and is introduced to a lot more stat and debuff combos like Oil and shit
Outbound portals: 1-3
+1-3: The Ocean
A large beach with half of the level being underwater. Majority of ocean's water is floating in the sky in utterly massive orbs of water, and there's an underground dungeon where large pockets of air and water move around constantly throughout the rooms.
Outbound portals: 1-4, 3-1
+1-4: The Volcano
Giant volcano island where the volcano on it is in a constant loop of eruption. Snow falls, melts as it erupts, and falls again. Periods of peace are shattered by chunks of molten rock raining from above, stopping as suddenly as they started.
Outbound portals: 1-5
+1-5: The Labyrinth
A large mountain with a constantly shifting maze underneath it. Player has to light torches along the way to keep themselves from getting stuck by the maze changing and blocking off their exit, but torches go out after a few minutes.
Outbound portals:

+2-1: The Desert
Outbound portals: 2-2
+2-2: The Spires
Outbound portals: 2-3
+2-3: The City
Floating steampunk city built around a large reality anchor
Outbound portals:

+3-1: The Reef
